==This (piece of clothing) is as long as that
Gubo: Comrade, I'll look at a cotton chinese tunic suit
Shop Assistant: For you to wear? I'll give you this one. Go to the opposite area to try
Gubo: Too short
Shop Assistant: This one is bigger than that one by 5 centimeters. You try again.
Gubo: The length fits well, but it is much looser than that one.
Shop Assistant: I'll go find one that is thinner/tighter. Take a look at this one that has the same length but thinner than that one by 3 centimeters.
Palanka: This one fits well. You wear a chinese tunic suit the same as a Chinese person
Gubo: No, nose and eyes are not the same as Chinese people. You see the color of this clothing is good?
Palanka: Blue is not as good looking as gray. Is there a gray one?
Shop Assistant: Yes
Gubo: Okay, I want gray. How much for one?
Shop Assistant: $9.95. Please go to the window to pay.
Palanka: Comrade, is the cotton padded jacket I'm wearing Chinese style?
Shop Assistant: Yes, you want what kind of cover?
Palanka: I want silk cover. Last time, I saw it here before.
Shop Assistant: We don't have the silk cover at the moment. Come again in a week. You can have it custom made in 10 days.
Gubo: We need to come next week to buy clothing. Custom made compared to buying is only 3 more days, and it's even custom made.
Shop Assistant: Custom made vs bought will fit better a little. You can first go to the 3rd floor to look at silk. There they have a lot of kinds.
Palanka: How many meters of silk should I buy?
Shop Assistant: You're a little taller than me. You should buy 2.5 meters.
Palanka: Okay, thank you.
Palanka: It's 5:45
Gubo: Your watch is fast 5 minutes.
Palanka: It's not early, Let's go back to school soon. Today we bought a lot of money's worth. Altogether, we bought $105 dollars worth.
Gubo: I also bought a bike. I spent more than 70 dollars more than you did. Okay, right now I will bike back to school.
Palanka: You know the road? Be careful while riding your bike.
Gubo: Be at ease.
--------------------------------------------------------------
[Did you hear incorrectly?]
[At Route 331 bus stop]
Ticket Seller: Route 331, Going towards Safe Village. Please board. Comrades who just got on the bus please buy tickets.
Gubo: comrade, where do i get off to switch to route 13 bus
Ticket Seller: Get off at safe village.
Gubo: I'll buy two tickets to Safe Village.
Ticket Seller: $0.20 for each ticket. You gave me a dollar. I'll give you $0.60 change. Please hold on to these well. Everyone please come inside. Inside there are seats. Next stop, Steel & Iron college institute. Comrades getting off please get ready.
Gubo: Uncle & Aunt please sit.
Uncle: Thanks!
Gubo: Excuse me, how many more stops to Safe Village?
Uncle: This route's bus's last/terminal stop is Safe Village. You want to go there?
Palanka: We want to go 3 Village Station to go to a Chinese friend's house.
Uncle: Yes, After you get off, go south. Once you see Route 13 bus stop, wait there for the bus. You still need to change trolleybuses one time.
Palanka: Gubo, you understand (listened) right?
Gubo: You never ever relax. I understood (listened). You look, there the road is being repaired.
Ticket Seller: Up ahead need to turn. Please expect it.
Aunt: You two come sit. We are getting off next stop.
Gubo & Palanka: Thank you.
[At route 13 bus stop]
Gubo: That's Route 13 bus stop. Look, the bus has come, hurry and run!
Ticket Seller: Route 13 towards 3 Village River, please line up well to get on the bus
Gubo: 3 Village Station is our destination stop!
Palanka: You should ask again. How did that uncle say we have to switch buses? You didn't hear wrong did you?
Gubo: I did not hear wrong, hurry and get on. Comrade, I want to buy two tickets to the destination stop.
Ticket Seller: This is 3 Village River. Comrades it's time to get off. Please carry/look after your own things.
Palanka: Gubo, you look. This is 3 Village River not 3 Village Station
Gubo: But, we got on the Route 13 bus though!
Ticket Seller: You guys wanted to go to 3 Village Station? Wrong direction. You should have rode the bus going east.
Palanka: Gubo right now, you said that you heard/understood everything. But, how did we ride the wrong bus?
Gubo: Don't worry, I'll tell you a proverb story.