Time passed quickly, Gubo + Palanka were in Beijing for almost a month
Palanka fears her mom is not at ease, wrote mail 3 times home, and sent some pictures
Mom sent back two pieces of mail
[3rd Day at Beijing language college institute]
They took part in one examination, some students did well some a bit not as good
Both (Gubo + Palanka) did not do bad on the test
Teacher Li says they study chinese for a semester, then come back to study a specialty field
Gubo thinks that his Chinese is not that great, this half year he wants to practice more listening and speaking
Right now, every afternoon, he practices Chinese with his girlfriend Zhang Hua Guang for an hour
Xiao Zhang is foreign language/English specialty student, been studying for more than a year.
He improved really quickly and can talk/chat in english to Gubo
Today he asked Gubo, "In your home country when you study Chinese, how do you practice spoken language?"
Gubo: "Very little opportunities to speak Chinese. There was a foreign exchange student called Ding Yu who was enthusiastic to help us"
Teacher let them talk and speak extra. Every semester classes are not very long.
Summer = summer vacation, Winter = winter vacation
During vacation, no time to review. 
Little Zhang listened and felt it was very strange: 
"Your vacation is very long, why can't you review things you learned?"
Gubo smiled and said: "You've never been to my country, you don't understand the conditions"
"We sometimes use the vacation to go to work/make some money, when school opens use it"
Lots of opportunities to speak Chinese here, we can help one another
Gubo and Little Zhang talked in the dormitory, Palanka came
Palanka: "It's already 6:00, you are stil sitting and talking, not eating yet?"
Gubo looked at his watch "It is too late atm"
Together they went to the dining hall to eat
--------------------------------------------
[This tea set is cheaper than the other]
Palanka: Let's go to the department store upstairs, I want to buy a tea set
Gubo: There's a store next to school, why go to the department store upstairs?
Palanka: I've been to the store, there's not many things, department store is bigger and has more things
Gubo: I'm thinking of buying a bike
Palanka: Comrade, I want a porcelain tea set
Shop Assistant: Okay, look at this set. it's Jiangxi JingDeZeng's
Gubo: JingDeZeng's porcelain is really famous
Shop Assistant: JingDeZeng's porcelain producing history is very long, really good quality, People say this porcelain is whiter than jade and thinner than paper
Palanka: Made so beautifully! This type of tea set is how much?
Shop Assistant: This 6 teacup set, in all $42.28
Palanka: Is there cheaper than that?
Shop Assistant: This TangShan tea set is cheaper than that one
Gubo: Is the quality as good as that one? 
Shop Assistant: Quality ain't bad, teapot is not as big, only 4 teacups, TangShan porcelain producing history is not as long as JingDeZeng
	After the liberation, a big expansion, quality increased more than before
Palanka: I feel like the painting on the teapot is better than that one
Shop Assistant: QiBaiShi (painter) drew it. teapot and teacup are good looking and very cheap. $30.40
Palanka: Okay, I want that set
Shop Assistant: You gave me $32.00, I'll give you $1.60 change
Gubo: Where can I buy a bike?
Shop Assistant: Outside, on the side of the multi-storied building (Da Lou)
Gubo: Thank you
Shop Assistant: No problem